>> JASON AND LAUREN WERE SO
INTO EACH OTHER.
BUT HE COULDN'T CONTROL HIMSELF
AROUND JESSICA.
>> I STILL CARE ABOUT YOU.
DON T WORRY ABOUT IT.
>> LAUREN WAS REALLY PISSED.
>> I WATCHED YOU KISS JESSICA.
GET AWAY FROM ME!
DON T TOUCH ME.
GET AWAY FROM ME.
>> AND JASON WAS DEVASTATED.
>> I DON T EVER
WANT TO TALK TO YOU AGAIN..
>> NOW THE SUMMER
WAS COMING TO AN END.
SO LAUREN DECIDED TO THROW
THIS BIG FAREWELL PARTY
BEFORE EVERYONE LEFT
FOR SCHOOL.
AND SHE ENDED UP INVITING
SOMEONE I NEVER WOULD'VE
EXPECTED.
>> WHEN DOES EVERYBODY LEAVE?
>> I LEAVE A WEEK, YOU LEAVE--
>> FOUR DAYS.
>> ARE WE GONNA DO SOMETHING
BEFORE EVERYBODY LEAVES?
>> YEAH, I REALLY WANNA
SEE EVERYONE.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT MY DREAM
OF THE NIGHT WOULD BE?
>> WHAT?
>> I WANT EVERYONE HERE.
WE LL GET, LIKE,
A BUNCH OF COOL FOOD AND, LIKE--
>> YOU KNOW, NO,
THIS IS WHAT IT'S GONNA BE--
WE'RE ALL GONNA GET DRESSED UP.
WE'RE GONNA GET IT CATERED.
>> WE ARE DRESSING UP?
>> WE'RE DRESSING UP.
>> 'CAUSE IT'S LIKE,
OUR LAST NIGHT TOGETHER
IN LAGUNA.
>> WHO AM I INVITING
TO MY HOUSE?
>> JESSICA, JASON.
>> ARE YOU INSANE?
WHY WOULD I EVER INVITE
THAT GIRL?
>> YOU SHOULD INVITE KRISTIN.
SHE'S SO MUCH MORE MELLOW NOW.
>> KRISTIN?
>> WHATEVER, I'M SO OVER IT.
WE'RE GONNA BE LIVING
IN THE SAME TOWN.
L.A.'s A SMALL PLACE.
[cell phone rings]
>> OKAY.
JASON?
[ring]
>> HE'S CALLING YOU RIGHT NOW?
>> I CAN'T TALK TO HIM.
HE WON'T BE COMING.
>> HE WON'T BE COMING?
HE'S NOT INVITED TO OUR PARTY?
>> HE'S NOT ALLOWED IN MY HOUSE,
NOT AFTER THE BENEFIT.
[Hilary Duff's  Come Clean]
>> ♪ 'CAUSE PERFECT ♪
♪ DIDN'T FEEL SO PERFECT ♪
♪ TRYIN' TO FIT A SQUARE ♪
♪ INTO A CIRCLE ♪
♪ WAS NO LIFE ♪
♪ I DEFY ♪
♪ LET THE RAIN FALL DOWN ♪
♪ AND WAKE MY DREAMS ♪
♪ LET IT WASH AWAY ♪
♪ MY SANITY ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I WANNA ♪
♪ FEEL THE THUNDER ♪
♪ I WANNA SCREAM ♪
♪ LET THE RAIN FALL DOWN ♪
♪ I'M COMING CLEAN ♪
>> FLAVA FLAV!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
ROUGH ONE, DAWG?
CHAMPION OF THE WORLD!
>> OH. WHAT ARE THESE?
>> MY MOM.
>> SEEMS LIKE YOU
HAD A ROUGH NIGHT--
LOST THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.
I'M JUST KIDDING.
>> FUNNY, HUH?
>> DID IT GET WORSE?
>> IT GOT WORSE.
>> DUDE, THAT CHICK, LIKE,
LOVED YOU, DUDE.
LIKE, I WAS LIKE,
"SO YOU AND JASON?"
SHE S LIKE, "DUDE," SHE S LIKE,
"I LOVE THAT KID."
>> AFTER IT HAPPENED OR BEFORE?
>> BEFORE EVERYTHING STARTED.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO MAKE YOU
FEEL BAD, RIGHT?
>> DUDE, IT SUCKS, 'CAUSE, LIKE,
I REALLY LIKED HER.
AND, LIKE, IT WASN'T SUPPOSED
TO HAPPEN LIKE THAT.
LIKE, I WANTED TO...
LIKE, MARRY THE CHICK.
GOD, WHY DOES JESSICA
HAVE TO BE THERE?
>> YOU SHOULD CALL HER
AND GO, LIKE, "L.C., I NEED YOU
TO TALK TO ME."
>> BUT LAUREN'S
THE KIND OF GIRL, DUDE,
LIKE, YOU CAN'T, LIKE--
>> I THINK THAT SHE FEELS
SO HURT, 'CAUSE SHE PUT SO MUCH
INTO, LIKE, YOU, YOU KNOW?
LIKE, "I LIKE JASON A LOT."
YOU GUYS WERE SO GOOD TOGETHER.
SO I THINK THAT
THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
IT'S LIKE, SHE'S JUST SO HURT
THAT YOU, LIKE...
LIKE, YOU SHOULD JUST--
CALL AND LEAVE A MESSAGE.
GO, "LOOK, L.C.,
I NEED YOU TO TALK TO ME.
BUT I NEED TO LITERALLY, LIKE,
SIT DOWN AND BE--
HAVE A PERSON TO PERSON
CONVERSATION.
BUT YOU NEED TO TALK TO ME.
I'LL MEET YOU ANYWHERE, ANYTIME.
WHATEVER, I WANT TO TALK
TO YOU."
♪ ♪
>> HEY, ARE YOU GOING
TO LAUREN'S TONIGHT?
>> I DON'T KNOW IF I AM.
>> I'M NOT.
>> WHY AREN'T YOU GOING?
>> ARE YOU SERIOUS?
THINK OF THE SITUATION.
>> I'M NOT GONNA GO
ON HER TERRITORY
AFTER I, LIKE, HOOKED UP
WITH HER BOYFRIEND.
>> YEAH.
>> YOU CREATED A LITTLE BIT
OF  DRAMA.
>> OKAY, I--
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU WOULD DO THAT TO LAUREN,
BUT, YOU KNOW...
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU KISSED JASON!
>> YOU KNOW, OBVIOUSLY,
I LOVE YOU 20 MORE TIMES
THAN LAUREN BUT, LIKE,
THAT'S...UP.
LIKE, YOU DON'T DO THAT.
>> ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
I HATE PEOPLE WHO DO...
LIKE THAT.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
>> YOU RE ONE OF THEM.
>> I KNOW.
>> DID YOU SERIOUSLY KISS JASON?
>> YEAH.
>> CAN I SERIOUSLY--
CAN I TELL YOU SOMETHING
AND YOU NOT FREAK?
IT'S NOT LIKE
I WENT AND PURSUED HIM
AND TRIED TO KISS HIM.
IT JUST HAPPENED.
HE GRABBED MY FACE. WE KISSED.
YEAH, IT TAKES TWO PEOPLE
TO KISS AND DO THAT STUFF.
SO, YEAH, LIKE,
I'M AT FAULT, TOO.
BUT, LIKE, IT S NOT LIKE,
I LIKE, WENT AND PURSUED HIM.
YOU KNOW?
>> NO, NO, NO. I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT AM I GONNA DO WITH YOU?
>> UGH.
>> SO LAUREN'S PARTY TONIGHT.
>> I'M SO EXCITED.
>> IT'S GONNA BE FUN.
>> I KNOW, BUT, LIKE,
AT THE END YOU HAVE TO SAY
GOOD-BYE TO EVERYONE.
THAT'S LIKE, THE LAST TIME
I'LL SEE LIKE,
95% OF THOSE PEOPLE.
>> WHEN WE'LL ALL BE TOGETHER.
>> YEAH.
>> THIS IS REALLY SAD.
>> I WONDER IF KRISTIN
WILL SAY GOOD-BYE.
UM, NO.
>> I WOULDN'T COUNT ON IT.
>> I DON'T CARE.
IT'S NOT LIKE I WANT HER TO.
I DON'T THINK KRISTIN S
EVER BEEN TO LAUREN'S BEFORE.
>> MNH-MNH.
>> IT SUCKS WHEN, LIKE,
THE GIRL YOU HATE--
YOU WALK IN AND, LIKE,
THE HOUSE IS AMAZING.
AND YOU'RE LIKE,
"THIS MAKES ME HATE HER MORE."
BUT I THINK TONIGHT WILL BE FUN.
'CAUSE IT'S LIKE,
IN A COOL SPOT.
IT'S LIKE, THE ULTIMATE LAGUNA.
>> BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S GONNA BE SO MUCH FUN.
IT'S BEING CATERED.
IT'S GONNA BE REALLY NICE.
>> WHAT ARE YOU GONNA WEAR?
'CAUSE IT'S KIND OF LIKE,
COCKTAIL, LIKE, DRESSY.
>> SUMMER DRESSY,
A LITTLE BIT?
>> IS JESSICA GOING?
>> I HEARD
THAT SHE WASN'T INVITED.
I DON'T KNOW IF--
>> AND NOT ALLOWED?
>> LAUREN'S REALLY HURT.
SHE REALLY LIKED JASON.
>> FREAKIN' A.
EVERYONE NEEDS TO JUST
GET OVER JASON.
COME ON, WHEN DO PEOPLE LEARN?
>> ♪ OVER AND OVER ♪
♪ THEY JUST SAY, "NO, SIR" ♪
♪ AND NOW IT S A BIG BLUR ♪
♪ I HID IT UP MY SLEEVE ♪
♪ YOU GOTTA BELIEVE ME ♪
♪ HEY, I NEED IT BADLY ♪
♪ AND THEY NEVER SEE ME ♪
♪ THOSE SENTIMENTAL FOOLS ♪
>> [British accent]
THE PARTY HAS ARRIVED.
>> ♪ AND I GOT ♪
♪ THE WEST COAST SUNSHINE ♪
>> ARE ALL THOSE YOUNGER GIRLS
COMING?
>> MM-HMM.
>> YOU WANNA SHARE AN ASS CHEEK
WITH ME?
>> OH!
>> WHERE ARE YOU RUNNING
RIGHT NOW?
>> HOW WAS THAT MOVE?
AN EIGHT? A NINE? A SEVEN?
I'M KINDA WORKING MY GAME HERE.
>> IT WAS PRETTY GOOD.
>> HEY, BABY, COME SIT.
>> WHO'S COMING OVER?
>> MINUS JASON AND JESSICA.
SO WHAT ARE THEY DOING TONIGHT?
DO THEY HAVE A HOT DATE TONIGHT?
[laughter]
>> NO!
>> THAT'S MY CUE TO EXIT.
>> YEAH, WE DON T WANT YOU
HERE ANYMORE.
>> OH, THERE'S THE SKEWERS.
EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME.
>> OH, THE FOOD CAME.
I'LL BE BACK.
>> OH, YOU GO FIRST, LOVE.
>> THANKS, SWEETHEART.
>> LAUREN, WHAT A GREAT PARTY.
THANK YOU.
>> LAUREN, WE LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOUR BRUSCHETTA.
>> MMM!
THOSE ARE GOOD!
>> LAUREN, I LOVE YOU.
>> LO, I LOVE YOU.
>> HELLO!
>> HEY!
>> OH, ACTUALLY,
I LIKE ALL OF THEM.
>> HEY, FRIENDS.
>> HI THERE!
>> YOU LOOK SO CUTE.
>> I WAS SO NERVOUS, MAN.
I WAS SO NERVOUS FOR YOU.
>> NO, YOU DID AWESOME.
>> I WAS BESIDE MYSELF,
I WAS SO NERVOUS.
>> WELL, CONGRATS ON YOU
NOT LETTING MISTER...
>> [whispers] JASON.
>> YEAH.
>> WELL, I JUST TOLD HIM
HE'S NOT ALLOWED--
HE'S NOT WELCOME IN MY HOUSE
ANYMORE.
>> ALL OF US WERE LIKE,
"WHAT IS SHE DOING?"
BUT, OBVIOUSLY, SOMETIMES
YOU'VE GOTTA EXPERIENCE IT
FOR YOURSELF.
LIKE, WHATEVER ANYBODY TOLD YOU,
YOU GOTTA SEE FOR YOURSELF.
AND YOU SAW IT, AND...
>> IT SUCKS,
CAUSE I CARE ABOUT HIM
AS A PERSON.
>> YEAH, IT'S HARD NOT TO.
LIKE, I LOVE BAD BOYS,
BECAUSE YOU WANNA BE THE ONE
WHO'S LIKE, GOOD FOR THEM.
YOU WANNA BE THE ONE
WHO'S LIKE...
>> YOU JUST HAVE TO HOPE
THAT YOU'RE WORTH CHANGING FOR.
>> IT'S ALSO HARD
NOT TO FORGIVE HIM,
'CAUSE IT'S LIKE...
HE'S SO NICE
WHEN HE'S SAYING SORRY.
>> HE'S A GOOD APOLOGIZER.
>> THEY ALL ARE.
AAH!
BOYS.
>> BOYS SUCK.
>> DO YOU GUYS THINK
THEY'RE REALLY HAVING FUN
AT LAUREN'S?
>> MM-HMM.
>> YOU GUYS SHOULD GO.
>> MNH-MNH.
CAN YOU IMAGINE WALKING IN?
>> YEAH.
>> AT LAUREN'S HOUSE
AND BEING LIKE...
>> BUT I MEAN, EVERYONE WAS
SAYING, EVERYONE'S LIKE,
"YOU'D BE WELCOME."
BECAUSE IT'S FOR EVERYONE
TO GO SEE EVERYONE
BEFORE THEY GO, YOU KNOW?
I THINK WE SHOULD JUST STOP BY.
WELL, MAYBE THIS CAN FINALLY BE
LIKE--
>> LIKE, CLOSURE TO LIKE,
EVERYTHING?
>> YEAH, JUST LIKE...
>> YOU AND LAUREN
CAN JUST BE LIKE,
"WHAT'S UP? LET'S BE FRIENDS."
>> IF WE STOP BY,
IF I SERIOUSLY, LIKE,
WANNA LEAVE,
WILL YOU LEAVE WITH ME?
>> OF COURSE, YES, OF COURSE.
>> I THINK YOU SHOULD GO.
>> WELL, I'M REALLY EXCITED.
>> HAVE YOU STARTED PACKING,
TAY-TAY?
>> NO.
>> SHE LEAVES TUESDAY.
SHE LEAVES TUESDAY.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE I M LEAVING.
LIKE, IT HIT ME.
>> ISN'T IT LIKE,
A WEIRD FEELING?
I COULDN'T TELL
IF I WAS DEPRESSED OR NOT.
I WAS JUST KINDA LIKE,
TAKING IT ALL IN.
ONCE YOU GET TO THAT
LAST COUPLE DAYS, THOUGH,
THEN YOU START GETTING PUMPED.
>> I FELT LIKE, WHEN IT CAME,
IT WAS LIKE, I FELT LIKE,
IT HAD COME TOO FAST.
>> WHAT?
>> STOP IT.
LIKE, WHEN IT FINALLY HAPPENED,
I WAS LIKE, "WHOA."
[cell phone rings]
LIKE, IT JUST HAPPENED
REALLY FAST.
>> FASHIONABLY LATE
OR ARE WE JUST TARDY?
>> WHO IS THAT?
>> IT'S KRISTIN.
>> TELL HER TO GET
HER LITTLE BUTT UP HERE.
>> UH, KINDA, I THINK SO.
IT'S CHILL, THOUGH.
IT'S CHILL.
NO, I THINK IT'S ONLY SUPPOSED
TO BE--YEAH, IT'S LIKE
ONLY SUPPOSED TO BE US BUT...
I DON'T KNOW.
[British accent] ALL RIGHT.
>> CAN WE CEASE
TO BE BITCHES ONLY?
>> BITCHES ONLY.
>> I NEVER THOUGHT I'D BE
DRIVING UP TO LAUREN S HOUSE
BEING LIKE, "YEAH, LET'S GO,
LIKE, HANG OUT."
THE WHOLE, LIKE,
WALKING IN PART--
THAT S THE PART I DON'T LIKE,
'CAUSE THAT S WHEN IT'S LIKE...
>> IT'S LIKE, HER TERRITORY,
LIKE, WALKING INTO--
>> THAT'S WHAT I MEAN!
HERE'S THE THING--
I'M GOING TO COLLEGE.
AND THERE'S NO POINT
IN US HAVING THIS, LIKE,
STUPID BICKERNESS
BETWEEN EACH OTHER.
THE WHOLE STEPHEN THING--
THAT HAPPENED,
AND IT SUCKED THAT IT HAPPENED.
>> I MEAN, THAT'S NOT COOL
TO STEAL SOMEONE'S BOYFRIEND.
THAT'S NOT.
>> LIKE, I'M OVER IT, WHATEVER.
I DON'T HOLD GRUDGES, LIKE,
I DID FOR A WHILE WITH HER,
BUT THAT WAS
FOR OBVIOUS REASONS.
I REALLY LOVED STEPHEN,
AND, LIKE, THAT WASN T COOL.
SO...
>> I JUST GOT KINDA NERVOUS.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE'RE AT LAUREN S HOUSE.
>> ♪ WHEREVER I USED TO BE ♪
>> WE'LL JUST GO.
>> I'M NERVOUS FOR YOU,
BUT I DIDN'T
WANT TO SAY ANYTHING.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> OW!
>> YOU GO FIRST.
>> YEAH.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M AT LAUREN S HOUSE.
>> WE'RE GONNA HAVE, LIKE,
AN EMPTY APARTMENT.
>> I'M SERIOUS.
>> ARE YOU REALLY
DATING CEDRIC?
>> WAIT, WHAT?
>> I DIDN T KNOW THAT.
I THOUGHT YOU--
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW.
>> HEY, FRIENDS!
>> HI, BABY!
>> HELLO.
WE DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS, LIKE,
A DRESS-UP PARTY.
>> I FOUND THESE GIRLS OUTSIDE
IN THE BUSHES.
>> HEY, KRISTIN.
>> HEY, BABE.
>> COME ON,
I'M SUPPOSED TO TALK
TO EVERYBODY.
OH, YEAH, I'LL COME OVER HERE.
>> THAT'S REALLY RUDE.
>> YOU HAVEN'T
BEEN DOING SO HOT LATELY.
>> SO THIS IS REALLY
COMFORTABLE.
>> I'VE BEEN TRYING TO--STOP!
>> I RECENTLY FOUND OUT
THAT GIRLS ARE LIKE--
NO ONE LIKES IT
WHEN YOU'RE LIKE...
>> OW! GOD!
>> IF THEY LIKE, THINK THAT
YOU'RE GONNA PUT YOUR ARM
AROUND YOU...
>> NOT EVEN THAT, BUT, LIKE,
ALWAYS IF WE WERE TO LIKE, HUG,
I'D BE LIKE, RIGHT HERE,
AND I'D DO IT RIGHT HERE.
AND YOU'D BE LIKE,
"NO, IT HURTS."
>> IT DOES HURT!
>> BUT IS IT BETTER--
I THOUGHT IT WAS BETTER
TO SQUEEZE THAT.
>> THEY'RE CLIQUING AGAIN.
>> GOD, THIS IS WEIRD.
>> ARE YOU GONNA LEAVE?
>> YEAH, YOU WANNA GO RIGHT NOW?
>> COOL WITH ME.
>> LET'S GO.
>> COME ON, READY?
>> YEAH, THIS WAS FUN.
>> ARE YOU LEAVING?
KRISTIN, ARE YOU LEAVING
WITH STEPHEN?
>> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME OVER.
IT WAS A PLEASURE.
>> THANKS.
>> ♪ THINKING ABOUT ♪
♪ THE TIME WE SHARED ♪
>> WAIT, WELL, LET ME--
OH, WHATEVER.
I DON'T REALLY CARE.
>> ♪ BESIDE ME ♪
[laughter]
>> THAT WAS KINDA MEAN.
>> GUYS, WHERE'D STEPHEN GO?
>> STEPHEN LEFT WITH KRISTIN.
>> ♪ TIME ROLLS ON ♪
>> YOU'RE REALLY AMPED
YOU DIDN'T GO LAST NIGHT.
IT WAS...SO MUCH FUN.
>> AND IT WAS LIKE, WE SHOW UP
AND I'M WEARING JEANS,
KRISTIN'S WEARING
A LITTLE JEANS SKIRT.
>> OH, YEAH!
EVERYONE WAS WEARING, LIKE,
DRESSES AND STUFF!
AND WE WERE LIKE, UM...
>> AND ALL THE GUYS
WERE DRESSED NICELY.
AND WE'RE LIKE, "OKAY."
>> YEAH, WE'RE LIKE,
"THIS WOULD'VE BEEN
GOOD TO KNOW."
IT WAS LIKE, A COCKTAIL PARTY.
>> YEAH, IT WAS LIKE,
A FANCY THING.
>> AND THEN WALKING DOWNSTAIRS
I WAS JUST LIKE,
"THIS IS SO AWKWARD RIGHT NOW."
AND IT DIDN T HELP THE SITUATION
WITH LAUREN AT ALL,
CAUSE I DIDN'T EVEN
TALK TO HER.
SO, I'M LIKE, MY WHOLE POINT
OF GOING UP THERE
WAS WORTHLESS.
STEPHEN LEFT WITH US.
>> WHAT'D YOU GUYS DO?
>> WENT AND GOT MORE FOOD.
>> AND IT WAS LIKE,
THE FIRST TIME I VE HUNG OUT
WITH STEPHEN IN A LONG TIME.
WHERE IT'S JUST BEEN LIKE,
FRIENDS AND LIKE...
>> WAS IT, LIKE, GOOD?
>> YEAH, IT WAS JUST FUN.
[cell phone rings]
>> OH, MY GOD,
CAN I GET MY PHONE?
>> ARE YOU EXPECTING
A PHONE CALL FROM SOMEONE?
>> NO.
>> LIKE, JASON?
>> I'M NOT.
WHAT?
>> JUST KIDDING.
>> LAST NIGHT WAS WAS LIKE,
ONE OF THE MOST RELAXING NIGHTS
WE'VE HAD IN A WHILE.
>> YEAH, IT WAS RELAXING.
>> IN A REALLY LONG WHILE.
>> WHO LEFT FIRST LAST NIGHT?
DID KRISTIN AND STEPHEN
LEAVE FIRST?
>> THEY DID NOT STAY VERY LONG
LAST NIGHT.
>> NO.
>> I THINK I NEED NEW SHOES.
>> I ALWAYS NEED NEW SHOES.
>> I'VE HAD
A ROUGH COUPLE OF DAYS.
SHOES MAKE ME FEEL HAPPY.
>> WHEN IN DOUBT, SHOE IT OUT.
>> SHOES.
>> I JUST CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE
TO L.A.
>> OH, MY GOSH, WE'RE ALL MOVING
TO L.A., LIKE, THIS WEEK.
>> WHO DO YOU THINK WE LL BE
HANGING OUT WITH?
>> I DON'T KNOW. I MEAN--
>> ARE YOU GONNA HANG OUT
WITH STEPHEN AT ALL?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
HE MIGHT DO HIS OWN THING
UP THERE.
>> ARE YOU GONNA HANG OUT
WITH JASON?
>> WE'LL SEE.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT JASON SAID
TO ME?
HE SAID HE WAS DEVASTATED.
>> HE'S SUCH A GOOD GUY.
IT'S JUST UNFORTUNATE.
>> OH, I WOULDN'T SAY
THE "GOOD GUY" LINE.
>> NO, I THINK THAT--
>> NO, HE'S A GOOD GUY AT HEART.
HE'S A GOOD GUY AT HEART.
>> HE JUST IS SELF-DESTRUCTIVE.
>> SO THERE'S NO CHANCE
THAT YOU WOULD EVER...
[cell phone rings]
>> HELLO.
>> HEY, WHAT UP?
>> NOTHING. WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> JUST CHILLING.
YOU WANNA CRUISE BY REAL QUICK?
>> UM, SURE.
>> ALL RIGHT. BYE.
>> WHAT UP?
>> HI, JASON.
HOW ARE YOU?
>> GOOD.
WELL, KINDA.
KINDA FEELING SICK, BUT...
>> I'M SORRY.
>> WHAT'VE YOU BEEN UP TO?
>> THE SAME OLD STUFF.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
>> JUST GETTING READY
TO LEAVE TO L.A.
>> YOU EXCITED?
>> YEAH.
YEP, YEP, YEP.
>> HOW'S LAUREN?
>> WE'RE JUST TRYING
TO WORK THINGS OUT
AFTER WHAT HAPPENED.
>> IT'S LIKE, AMAZING,
THAT SOMETHING, LIKE,
THAT LITTLE CAN, LIKE...
WHATEVER.
FIRST ALEX, NOW LAUREN.
GREAT, I'M JUST ON A ROLL.
I HAVE YOU TO THANK FOR THAT.
>> IT WAS YOU!
>> I DIDN'T KISS YOU!
>> YEAH, YOU DID!
>> ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
>> NO WAY! ARE YOU...
>> PEOPLE SAW YOU GRAB ME
AND KISS ME,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I DID NOT KISS YOU.
YOU CANNOT BLAME THAT ON ME.
>> THIS TOWN S BEEN CRAZY.
>> IT CERTAINLY HAS.
YOU SHOULD CALL HER.
>> THANK YOU.
>> YEAH.
I'M GONNA GO.
>> OKAY.
>> GOOD LUCK WITH...LIFE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> BYE, JASON.
>> BYE.
[cell phone ringing]
>> ♪ YOU USED TO CLING ♪
♪ TO EVERY WORD I SAID ♪
>> HELLO.
>> HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> SITTING IN MY HOUSE.
>> IS IT COOL IF I STOP BY
REAL QUICK AND TALK TO YOU?
>> YEAH, THAT'S FINE,
BUT YOU CAN'T COME INSIDE.
MY DAD WON'T LET YOU.
>> OKAY.
>> OKAY. BYE.
>> BYE.
>> ♪ I NEVER THOUGHT A GIRL ♪
♪ COULD GET ME SO SHOOK ♪
♪ BUT DON'T LET IT ♪
♪ END THIS WAY ♪
♪ DON'T LET IT END ♪
♪ THIS WAY ♪
♪ THIS WAY... ♪
>> HOW'S IT GOING?
>> HEY.
>> HOW YOU BEEN?
>> GOOD.
>> I WANTED TO COME OVER HERE
AND APOLOGIZE TO YOU.
SAY I'M SORRY FOR, UH...
>> KISSING ANOTHER GIRL?
IN FRONT OF ME?
>> YEAH.
BUT, UM...I DON'T KNOW.
THIS SUCKS 'CAUSE I STILL LIKE
YOU AND STUFF, BUT...
I KNOW WHAT I DID WAS...
>> DUMB?
>> DUMB.
BUT...I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST WANTED YOU TO KNOW
THAT I'M REALLY SORRY
AND THAT I STILL DO LIKE YOU.
>> IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO MAKE IT BETTER?
>> NO, BUT IT'S TRUE.
HOW DO YOU FEEL
ABOUT EVERYTHING?
>> I FEEL LIKE
YOU KISSED ANOTHER GIRL
IN FRONT OF ME,
AND I TRUSTED YOU.
AND IF YOU WERE GONNA DO IT
IN FRONT OF ME,
THEN I DON'T EVEN WANNA KNOW
WHAT YOU DID NOT IN FRONT OF ME.
LIKE, PUT YOURSELF
IN MY POSITION, HONESTLY.
>> I KNOW.
>> LIKE, HOW WOULD YOU FEEL
IF I KISSED AN EX-BOYFRIEND
RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU?
BUT I WAS SORRY.
>> I WOULD'VE BEEN PISSED, TOO.
I KNOW.
>> YOU DON'T GO
TO A FAMILY FUNCTION
IN FRONT OF ALL OF MY FAMILY
AND ALL OF MY FRIENDS,
AND KISS ME IN FRONT
OF ALL THEM,
AND THEN GO KISS ANOTHER GIRL,
AND HAVE EVERYONE KNOW.
LIKE, THAT'S HUMILIATING FOR ME.
>> NO, I TOTALLY UNDERSTAND.
>> IT JUST SUCKS.
LIKE, I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
YOU, LIKE, RUINED EVERYTHING.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
>> YEP.
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU WANT
ME TO SAY.
>> NOTHING MORE.
>> HMM?
ALL RIGHT, WELL...
♪ ♪
>> ♪ THOUGH I'M STRONGER ♪
♪ THAN I USED TO BE ♪
♪ AND I'M TRYING TO HOLD ON ♪
♪ TO YOU ♪
♪ THERE'S NOTHING LEFT ♪
♪ TO HOLD ON TO ♪
♪ AND IT NEVER ♪
♪ OCCURRED TO YOU ONCE ♪
♪ YOU'RE ALL ALONE ♪
♪ THIS BIRD HAS FLOWN ♪
♪ LONG AGO ♪
♪ I'M ALREADY GONE ♪